feat(splitter): 100% height example (#113)
telerik/blazor-ui: splitter/use-100-percent-viewport/readme.md

# How to make Splitter take 100% height of the viewport

> When creating layouts with the splitter, it is a common requirement that they take up 100% of the available height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating layouts with the Splitter, it is a common requirement that they take up 100% of the available height.
```

To accomplish this, simply set the Splitter's `Height` parameter to `100%`.

> It is important to note that this relies on the standard CSS behavior of setting height in percentage - all parent elements must have a `height` set, so that the content size can be calculated based off the viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that this relies on the standard CSS behavior of setting height in percent - all parent elements must have a `height` set, so that the content size can be calculated based off the viewport.
```

This example shows a basic layout with the splitter that has:
* header
* footer
* sidebar

where 
* the header and footer have static dimensions
* the whole layout takes up 100% height and width of the viewport
* the content (`@Body`) takes 100% height and width of the remaining space after the header, footer and sidebar are rendered

> This is accomplished by setting `Width` and `Height` to `100%` for the splitters, and by ensuring its parent elements (`html` and `body` in this example) have `height:100%` in the stylesheet. The code is in `~Shared/MainLayout.razor`. Comments in the code offer some more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is accomplished by:
* setting `Width` and `Height` to `100%` for the splitters;
* setting `height:100%` to the splitter parents (`html` and `body` in this example) in the app stylesheet.

The code is in `~Shared/MainLayout.razor`. Comments in the code offer some more details.
```
